fix: specify path for rate limit argument. (#973)
blackflux/lambda-serverless-api: README.md

To customize rate limiting, the package options are passed as `limiter` into the constructor.

> To specify a custom path to a value in the event that will be used for rate limiting, pass `rateLimitTokenPath` option in the constructor. Error will be thrown if `rateLimitTokenPath` is not a string. (`requestContext.identity.sourceIp`) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default rate limiting uses the client ip (`requestContext.identity.sourceIp`). This can be customized by using `rateLimitTokenPath` to target a different key on the lambda event.
```

> By default rate limiting uses the client ip (`['requestContext.identity.sourceIp']`). This can be customized by using `rateLimitTokenPaths` as an array (evaluated left to right) to target different keys on the lambda event. If rate limit is enabled and no valid rate limit token is detected, an exception is thrown. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default rate limiting uses the client ip (`['requestContext.identity.sourceIp']`). This can be customized by using `rateLimitTokenPaths` as an array (evaluated left to right) to target different keys on the lambda event. If rate limit is enabled and no valid rate limit token is detected on the event, an exception is thrown. 
```
